README.md, before:

Limesco CServ
=============

CServ is the central server system used by Limesco. The project is based on Java
OSGi and relies on some components released by the Amdatu project.

Build status
------------

Travis-CI is used for continuous integration. The build status is reported:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Limesco/CServ.png)](https://travis-ci.org/Limesco/CServ)

Environment requirements
------------------------

CServ depends on the following external systems:
- MongoDb

Configuration
-------------

For configuration, the OSGi ConfigAdmin is used in combination with the Felix
FileInstall MetaType provider. Configuration files need to be present in the
nl.limesco.cserv/conf/ directory and have a .xml extension. This directory is
not checked into the Git repository, since it contains confidential information,
like credentials for external services.

Instead, in the nl.limesco.cserv/conf-samples/ directory are some template
configuration files. To get started, copy those files into the conf/ directory
and fill the empty configuration entries. Configuration files for which no
suitable entries can be filled may be left out, resulting in dependent OSGi
services to be unavailable.

Commit message:

Signal Travis-CI we need MongoDb and update README.md to state we depend on PhantomJS

README.md, after:

Limesco CServ
=============

CServ is the central server system used by Limesco. The project is based on Java
OSGi and relies on some components released by the Amdatu project.

Build status
------------

Travis-CI is used for continuous integration. The build status is reported:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Limesco/CServ.png)](https://travis-ci.org/Limesco/CServ)

Environment requirements
------------------------

CServ depends on the following external systems:
- MongoDb for storage of persistent data
- PhantomJS for executing integration tests (assumes "phantomjs" in $PATH)

Configuration
-------------

For configuration, the OSGi ConfigAdmin is used in combination with the Felix
FileInstall MetaType provider. Configuration files need to be present in the
nl.limesco.cserv/conf/ directory and have a .xml extension. This directory is
not checked into the Git repository, since it contains confidential information,
like credentials for external services.

Instead, in the nl.limesco.cserv/conf-samples/ directory are some template
configuration files. To get started, copy those files into the conf/ directory
and fill the empty configuration entries. Configuration files for which no
suitable entries can be filled may be left out, resulting in dependent OSGi
services to be unavailable.
